## EyeTell: Video-Assisted Touchscreen Keystroke Inference from Eye Movements

**Paper Summary**

The authors developed a novel approach to steal victims' inputs on mobile touchscreen devices. Based on the video of victims' eye trace, attackers could then infer the inputs or PIN by analyzing the gaze trace of eye movements. Compared to the other existing video-based keystroke inference attacks, the EyeTell is more practical and has a good accuracy of inputs inference.

**Strengths**

- The EyeTell is more practical than other existing keystroke inference attacks. Since EyeTell doesn't need to record the process of the inputting visually. It just uses the eyes movements trace to indirectly infer the keystroke on the screen, which makes it more concealed and dangerous to the victims.

- The EyeTell has a good accuracy compared to other existing methods on PIN and sequence inputs. It could identify the top-k inputs with a relatively high possibility.

- Though EyeTell has some defects, such like it can only be deployed in a short distance, the EyeTell could relieve its limitation with the better video record equipments and eye tracking device.

**Weaknesses**

- The accuracy of inference of EyeTell will be influenced by many factors like lightning conditions, recording distance, recording angles, and eyes configuration. Those impacts could have damaging a effect on the accuracy of inference.

- The accuracy of EyeTell is not very high, and even slightly lower than some of the existing video-based keystroke inference methods because of the design of the attacks. EyeTell only uses an indirectly recording of eye trace, which makes it hard to gain extra information like the numbers of keystrokes.

- The EyeTell attacks could be easily avoid. Victims could wear glasses to avoid being recorded to extract their gaze trace. And since the accuracy of EyeTell is based on the frame rate of recording, victims could increase their typing speed to make the gaze trace noisy and less accurate.

**Improvements**

The authors should try to improve the gaze tracking method to make it less relative to the angle of recording, which could make the EyeTell much more practical and accurate. Also, they should try to identify the numbers of keystrokes to increase the accuracy and decrease the noisy of the gaze trace.