## When CSI Meets Public Wi-Fi: Inferring Your Mobile Password Via Wi-Fi Signals

**Paper Summary**

Nowadays, mobile devices are used for preforming sensitive transaction of bank and payment, which makes attackers could eavesdrop users’ sensitive input like PIN code. this paper propose a new framwork called windtaker. Windtalker is a new and practical inference method using side-channel based on CSI information , makes attakers could easily and stealthily obtain victim’s sensitive keystroke without extra device or compromise victim’s device, make it hard to detect.

**Strengths**

- Windtalker uses a IKI model, which only need to deploy one wifi device. The wifi device pretend to be a public wifi hotspot to collect target device‘s side-channel information for inferring sensitive input for inferring password.

- Windtalker will send ICMP ECHO request to the victim at a high frequency. This method is difficult to detect and avoid. One ICMP echo packet is only 64 bytes, if the attackers send 800 ICMP packets per second to the victim, it only needs decades kbps. It’s hard for victims to notice this flow.

- For inferring one key, WindTalker achieves average accuracy classification of almost 80%. As for predict 6-digit payment password, windtalker could calculate the possibility of each possible result and sort them to choose the candidates with highest probabilities. If we choose the top 3 candidates, the accuracy could reach almost 80%.

**Weaknesses**

- The csi tools on intel NICs has some conlicts to iphone. The tools may crash during connecting to iphone.

- The major problem is the the csi information is highly relative to telecommunication environment. And the major fact is the typing gesture, if user constantly change the typing gesture, then the collected csi dataset cannot be used to recover the correct input. What’s more, the reliability of csi data can not last long even though users use a fixed typing gesture, because the environment will change and that will impact the value of csi information

- Windtalker can only infer the victim with his own training dataset. Since everyone has different typin gesture which generates different csi pattern.

**Improvements**

The authors should try to find a more reliable way to collect side-channel information other than ICMP based CSI inferring method, so that the attacks could be more practical.