## Evaluating Fuzz Testing

**Paper Summary**

During recent years, the Fuzz testing has been playing an essential roles in software security and testing. Therefore, researchers have paied significant attention to develop the algorithm of Fuzz testing. Most of these novel algorithm are tested on the real software experiment. And that comes a question -- how to design a reliable experiment benchmark for getting practical result. In this paper, authors has evaluate 32 relative papers to compare the experiments. After finding their advantages and disadvantages, authors provide their own suggestions on the experiment baseline design.

**Strengths**

- The authors evaluated 32 papers and find their disadvantages in their testing experiments and classify them into different catalogs.

- The authors has provide a quantifiable quota to evaluate the result of a Fuzz testing suite using Bugs fuond and code coverage, and then gives the detailed reasons for the quota.

- The authors gives some suggestions based on the disadvantages of previous related works and provide the future plan of developing Fuzz Testing Suite.

**Weaknesses**

- Although authors provide some suggestions for the future improvements and show the disadvantages of the previous related works. They did not gives a practical method to implement a better Fuzz testing suite.

- Some previous paper did not provide the exact experiment data, which means some evaluation in this paper may not be correct.

- In the design of Fuzz orientation benchmark suite, the author did not solve or quota and still has some key feature which are not for sure.

**Improvements**

The authors should try to evaluate more previous work and try to provide a practical improved Fuzz testing suite.