## The Dangers of Key Reuse: Practical Attacks on IPsec IKE

**Paper Summary**

The authors point out that the key-reuse across versions of IKE could lead to the danger of the impersonation of a victim host or network by attackers. And authors implement Bleichenbacher oracle attacks using this vulnerability on Cisco, Huawei, Clavister and ZyXEL devices.

**Strengths**

- The authors show that all versions and variants of the IPsec's IKE protocol can be broken. 
- The authors identify and develop a Bleichenbacher oracle attacks on four large network equipment manufacturers, Cisco, Huawei, Clavister, and ZyXEL.
- The authors show that all PSK based variants are vulnerable to offline dictionary attacks if low entropy PSKs are used.

**Weaknesses**

- In Offline Dicionary Attack against Weak PSKs section, the author only test the attacks on a open source IKE implementation "strongSwan" in a particular version. The result may be different in real-life use. Also, the authors don't quantify how weak the PSKs are

- The authors suggest that all devices should only use high entropy PSKs and deactivate both PKE and RPKE modes, but they don't estimate the cost of these update in real-life use.

- The Bleichenbacher oracle attack tests on Cisco, the attacks are highly possible to exceed the limit of the number of requests. And the attack time will be long due to the necessary SA negotiation.

**Improvements**

The article mentions that using only one RSA key pair for the whole IKE and even SSH and other protocol family is common for many devices. Therefore, the article should give detail evaluations or descriptions on the danger of key reuse.