## SmartAuth: User-Centered Authorization for Internet of Things

**Paper Summary**

Users often grant over-privileged permissions to the third-party IoT aps because of unfamiliar with IoT platform, leading to excessive permissions to malicious apps. The authors designed a user-centric, semantic-based "smart" authentication system SmartAuth by analyzing the description, code and comments of the app to help users better understand the relationship between the functions required by the system and the actual operations the system will perform to avoid the problem of excessive permissions.

**Strengths**

- SmartAuth understands the actual functions of IoT applications by automatically collecting and analyzing information from APP source code, comments, and permission requests.

- NLP is adopted to automatically extract the functions in the description and compare with the actual functions and call interfaces. NLP is also used in code comment analysis to get developers' intentions faster.

- In order to reduce the burden on users, SmartAuth can also generate natural language based on the difference between the description and the actual function to inform the user to deal with these unexpected operations.

**Weaknesses**

- Malicious program developers may use custom methods and attribute names to mirror smart device instructions or attributes to deceive SmartAuth. At the same time, malicious code may also construct app descriptions to deceive semantic analysis without the user's awareness.

- The SmartAuth is only designed for Samsung's SmartApp platform, the authors doesn't test its performance on other IoT platforms.

- The authors applied automatic patches to these malicious apps to avoid over-privileged , but a few apps would have functional conflicts with patch.


**Improvements**

The authors should improvement their analytics method to avoid imposter apps. And should test the SmartAuth on other IoT platform.