## TaintDroid: An Information-Flow Tracking System for Realtime Privacy Monitoring on Smartphone



**Paper Summary**

Smartphone operating system currently only provide coarse-grained controls for regulating whether an application can access private information, thus users' sensitive data are frequently be misused by applications without granted by users. The authors develop an extension to Android platform that tracks the flow of privacy sensitive data, called "TaintDroid" by integrating existing techniques. TaintDroid could track and test how applications using private sensitive data with a good trade-off between performance and accuracy for resource constrained smartphones.

**Strengths**

- The performance overhead of the TaintDroid runtime is lower than other techniques. TaintDroid provides an appropriate trade-off between performance and accuracy for resource constrained smartphones, which makes the interactive third-party applications can be monitored with negligible perceived latency.

- TaintDroid could help expose potential misbehavior by third-party applications based on the practical testing by correctly flagging tainted data transmitting paths.

- By combining multiple granularities of information tracking, TaintDroid is the first to extend multiple-marking, taint tracking system-wide


**Weaknesses**

- TaintDroid can be circumvented through leads via implicit flows. That limitation makes other techniques such as automated static code analysis necessary to detect the use of implicit flows.

- TaintDroid does not currently perform static code analysis in order to avoid false positives and significant performance overhead, which means malicious application could use control flows to deceive tracking system.

- TaintDroid does not currently track taint tags on Direct- Buffer objects, because the data is stored in opaque native data structures. If the malicious applications use Direct-Buffer objects to transmit sensitive data, TaintDroid could not track them.

- While TaintDroid is very effective for tracking sensitive information, it causes significant false positives when the tracked information contains configuration identifiers.


**Improvements**

TaintDroid does make an appropriate trade-off between performance and accuracy. However, malicious applications could still circumvent the tracking using several methods. And to detect and avoid these vulnerability may cause much performance. The authors may combine the malicious detection method with TaintDroid and try to optimize the performance and accuracy.