## DolphinAttack: Inaudible Voice Commands

**Paper Summary**

Such as voice recognition Siri or Google Now like (SR) system has become an popular method to implement voice control system. In this work, authors designed an inaudible attack DolphinAttack modulating the voice commands on the ultrasound carrier. Then authors verified DolphinAttack on a series of human-voice recognition interface such as Cortona, Siri and so on. By injecting a series of inaudible voice commands, authors could control part of the devices and hack the system. After that, authors proposed hardware and software defense solutions. By using a support vector machine (SVM) to classify audio to detect DolphinAttack could successfully solve inaudible voice command attacks.

**Strengths**

- The authors achieved a novel method which could use inaudible voice command to inject hidden voice commands to popular human-voice recognition and control system such as Siri, Cartona, and Samsung to hack the devices.

- By using DolphinAttack to infect the inaudible commands, authors could successfully activate part of the function of the devices to implement malicious behaviors such as eavesdrop user's private information and offer incorrect details to affect user's life.

- The authors showed that using supporting vector machine could effectively defense the attack of inaudible command injection attack. And they recommend companies to improve their speech recognition system.

**Weaknesses**

- Though authors could use DolphinAttack to successfully hack the system and control part of the function on most of the popular speech recognition system, they didn't show that all kinds of attack could be done on all devices. This attack may still has some defects which were not be found.

- The attack could be significantly affected by the environment noise, which could decrease the successful rate of the attack.

- This attack could easily be defensed by using some advanced microphones. In an ideal situation , all microphone would not accept voice frequency over 20kHz. That means ideal microphone could totally ignore the inaudible command attack on the hardware aspect.

**Improvements**

The authors showed that using SVM could avoid DolphinAttack, but did not give details. They should try to find a developed way to against SVM to improve inaudible command attack.