## Fuzzing Error Handling Code using Context-Sensitve Software Fault Injection

**Paper Summary**

The authors developed a new Fuzzing framework, called FIFUZZ, using context-sensitive Software Fault Injection(SFI) to test error handling code and find bugs in it. Error handling codes are difficult to test its reliability cause some errors can not be trigged by specific inputs. FIFUZZ uses context-sensitive SFI, making it easy to cover bugs hiding in complex context environment. Compared to traditional SFI tools, FIFUZZ could find more bugs and create more error testing sites which could effectively test the error handling code.

**Strengths**

- One of the core feature of FIFUZZ is that it develop a context-sensitive SFI framework. The existing SFI could only identify error sites ignoring context relation. In that case some errors can not be found since error testing will always be correct without considering context. FIFUZZ could avoid missing these type of errors.

- The FIFUZZ integrates static analysis, traditional fuzzing test and context-sensitive SFI technologies so that it could have an overall checking than existing error handling code testing tools.


**Weaknesses**

- FIFUZZ could detect false positive errors. Some function calls will never failed but the static analysis of FIFUZZ will identify them as possible error sites. Some function may failed. But if the function calls to these functions have done some preparations to avoid all fault inputs, FIFUZZ should not identity them as possible error sites.

- FIFUZZ may miss some bugs because of covering design. FIFUZZ cannot identify error sites if the function is defined in the source code itself other than in the library. Also, since FIFUZZ could not provides entirely configuration and inputs for all testing environment, those errors which will only occur in specific configurations will not be found. What's more, the bug checking list of FIFUZZ is limited, so it cannot found other types of error.

- Since FIFUZZ needs to record and identify the entries and exits of all function calls to find context-sensitive errors, the cost of the running time fuzzing is high.


**Improvements**

FIFUZZ should try to avoid identify useless error sites and try to cover more kinds of error sites during compile-time analysis and runtime fuzzing. Also, the authors should try to reduce the overhead of FIFUZZ and improve its efficiency.